Awesome. Thank you, Gene, for teeing that up.
Yeah,  and  as  Gene  said,  there's  multiple  ways  to  kind  of  integrate
this  into  an  electronic  health  record,
but  I'm  going  to  be  showing  our  clinical  dashboard,  which  is  what
we're  currently  piloting  with  a  medical  center  right  now.
So  what  I'm  showing  here  is  a  mock -up  of  what  you  can  imagine
would  be  a  clinician's  view  of  their  electronic  health  record.
Of  course,  that  view  is  actually  going  to  change  depending  on,  you
know,  what  health  center  you're  at,
But  what  I  might  have  here  is  for  patients  who  I'm  going  to  be
managing  this  week  as  a  clinician  and
clicking  the  link  of  these  patients  name  will  allow  me  to  see  their
cervical  cancer  screening  and  management
recommendation.  So  I  just  clicked  on  this  patient  zone  here  and  what
what's  happening  in  the  background  it  happened  kind  of  quickly
but  is  that  the  EHR  or  electronic  health  record  is  reaching  out  to
our  CDS  app  and  then  our  CDS  app  is
asking  it  for  all  of  the  patient  data  that  it  might  need  to
calculate  a  recommendation.
Then  when  that  comes  back  to  our  app,  what  it's  doing  is  filtering
that  down  to  really
just  display  the  key  data  that  we  need  to  generate  that  risk  score
that  Gene  had  mentioned,
and that data we show on the left-hand side of the screen.
So  the  key  components  are  the  screening  and  management  testing
history  on  the  top  left,
and  then  on  the  bottom  is  additional  relevant  medical  history  that
can  kind  of  help  the
to contextualize everything and might not be crucial
to the risk-based algorithm,
but helps the clinician kind of provide,
see that whole patient's journey in context.
So this patient is currently in management,
whereas a normal patient who's screening
for a 33-year-old, as this patient is,
would usually come back every five years.
You can see, based upon this patient's history,
that they've actually been coming at more frequent intervals
because they've had some abnormal results
for both their HPV testing
and their cervical cytology testing.
And so how this actually works
or what this is computing is that the most recent tests,
so those top two rows combined
with the previous testing history,
kind of come together and get fed into this algorithm
to generate a risk estimate,
which is shown in this lookup table
on the bottom right here.
So this patient, because of all this history
combined  together  has  an  immediate  pre -cancer  risk  of  just  over  1 %
and  then  a  5 -year  pre -cancer
risk of 4%.
And  so  according  to  these  guidelines  that  we  have  printed  out  here,
that  corresponds  with
a one-year follow-up.
So  again,  this  patient  has  had  some  abnormalities,  so  is  coming  back
more  frequently  than  the
normally  prescribed  5 -year  interval,  but  it  isn't  severe  enough  that
their  risk  would
warrant them getting an immediate intervention.
Now, what I'm going to show next is,
in working with our pilot partners,
one source of feedback we've got is
that there are some clinical data elements that just
will not consistently be recorded in a structured format
in the electronic health record.
So this would be things like whether the patient's
immunosuppressed, if they're pregnant,
if they have future pregnancy concerns,
or maybe they showed up to an encounter
with an abnormal bleeding condition.
And so for these cases, we've integrated these toggle switches
to allow the clinician to say, hey,
I want to refire this clinical decision support,
show a new recommendation with the same history,
but as if one of these data elements existed.
So what I'm going to do in a moment
is hit the immunosuppressed toggle switch,
and you'll see what happens then is that that loading spinner
will come up again.
This will recalculate a recommendation,
and that will be a new recommendation
with that same patient history,
but as if that patient was immunosuppressed.
And so when that happens,
you'll see that this recommendation will actually change
from a one-year follow-up to a colposcopy,
because at that point, since the patient is immunosuppressed,
that actually raises their risk level
to a point that they now need that immediate intervention
as opposed to just coming back a year later.
And then kind of a final way we've,
a final way you can interact with this dashboard
is these add result and add additional resource buttons
on the left side.
So if there was something that you knew
this patient had a test result or some sort of condition
that wasn't necessarily represented in this history here
because maybe it wasn't entered in a structured format
or wasn't entered into the EHR at all,
you could go in and add a result
and then again, recalculate a recommendation
like we did with the toggle switches.
So that's kind of a general overview of what we've built.
This is a tool that we're currently piloting
with the University of Mississippi Medical Center.
It's currently in production in their health system
and this upcoming calendar year,
we're looking forward to starting a clinical evaluation phase
where we're going to see how this actually works in practice
and affects the treatment of patients there.
So that'll turn things back over to Gene.
[BLANK_AUDIO]